# cs-250
<h3>How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?</h3>
<ul><li>The main thing that users want is for a program to be functional and easy to use. When I look at requirements from a user, I think of how they would be using it and how they will want to use it. Then I just implement the solution from there. User stories are a great help with this. The acceptance criteria is my favorite part because it explains what would be a success for the user. As a developer, it is helpful to know exactly what the user wants and what is expect from what I am building. The key is to have user stories specific enough for everyone to understand and agree on it.</li></ul>
<br>
How do I approach developing programs? What Agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
<ul><li>I like to approach a program in small bites. If I have a task that needs to be complete, it is easiest for me to just work until it is done. That way it is not too long where I get distracted a lot. It gives me momentum to complete it in stories or smaller sections at a time and I end up completing more faster. Additionally, I really want to use the transparency principle in agile where the customer is kept in the loop about different changes. This way, if a correction needs to be made, it is caught quickly and doesn't throw a wrench in the process near the end. Agile is great for that by using smaller user stories and sprints to track progress and report back. I really want to use that in later development projects.</li></ul>
<br>
What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
<ul><li>To be a good team member is a lot like anywhere else. You need to show up on time, work hard, and communicate. Your team is dependent on you completing tasks to move on, if you don't put in the time and work, you will slow the whole team down. Communication is also key. Sometimes challenges come up. If you are working a story and a question comes up, don't be afraid to ask. The longer you wait to discuss the issue or find a solution, the longer it will be to deploy the product. In my experience, you need to ask questions as soon as possible, because communication can take a while to get anything back.</li></ul>
